TLauncher Company Privacy Policy
Last Modified: March 01, 2022

The Confidentiality Obligations of Our Company for the Tlauncher App
TLauncher.org ("TLauncher", "our company", "we" or "our") undertakes to respect the rights and resolve confidentiality concerns of all TLauncher service users provided on or through our sites, including the www.tlauncher.org site (the "Site(s)"), and as part of, or through such software applications that are provided by TLauncher company (the Site(s) and such software applications that are provided by TLauncher are hereinafter referred to as "Service Applications", and Service Applications and Services provided through Service Applications are collectively referred to as "TLauncher Software Products"). In this regard, our company has developed and implemented this Privacy Policy in order to inform the Site(s) visitors and users of TLauncher Software Products about how we use and protect the information that we collect through the Site(s) and through our Software Applications. By visiting the Site(s) or using any of TLauncher's Software Products, you authorize TLauncher to collect, use, store, delete, and disclose information related to you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy takes effect from the date specified and applies only to the Site(s) and our Software Applications, but not to any other third-party sites or software applications that you may have access to through the TLauncher Software Products and that may have their own practices and policies regarding data collection and use.

About the Company
If you have any questions about our privacy preserving practices or this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email: admin@tlauncher.org.

The Present Policy Provides the Answers to the Following Questions:
What kind of information do we collect about you and how do we use it?
Will we share your personal information with third parties?
What decisions can you make regarding the collection and use of your personal information?
What security measures do we take to protect your personal information?
The Types of Information We Collect
The "Personal Information" means information that can be used to establish your identity and contact you. You do not have to provide personal information to access our Site (Sites), but if you do not want to disclose certain personal information to us, you will not be able to access certain components of the TLauncher Software Products.

We collect personal information you provide when you create an account through the TLauncher Software Products; subscribe to our newsletter; use voice communications provided by the TLauncher Software Products; participate in chats, forums, surveys, research, and questionnaires; participate in contests, lotteries, other promotions, or use third-party offers and/or newsletters; purchase a product using the TLauncher Software Products; register a purchased product; or receive customer or technical support.

To create an account for our TLauncher Software Products, you need to provide an email address. You will also need to create a username. If you participate in a TLauncher contest or lottery, in addition to your username, full name and email address, we will ask you to provide your mailing address in case we need to send you a prize by mail, and we may also ask you to accept third-party offers and/or newsletters.

In addition, we may also collect other types of information (known as "demographic data"), such as information about your gender, hobbies, profession, platform settings, and other information about your computer games collection. Such demographic data may be linked to your personal information.

We also offer software products that allow you to link your account to third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook, using TLauncher Software Products. If you subscribe to one of these services, we may also collect personal information from these kinds of sources and database services on the Internet.

With TLauncher Software Products, you can use technology, software, and services owned and controlled by third parties ("Third-Party Software Products"). You may be allowed to provide personal information to gain access to Third-Party Software Products, or such information may be requested from you. Such use of Third-Party Software Products and the provision of information through them will be regulated by the applicable terms of use, user agreement and/or the privacy policy of such third parties. You agree to contact only the third party concerned and not TLauncher to enforce your rights with respect to such Third-Party Software Products.

The TLauncher software (version >2.0) collects minimal information about your computer (Java version, screen resolution, operating system version, country, the software client version, the unique software UID), as well as the fact of loading/joining the game, transitions to the server from the recommended list. It is NOT POSSIBLE to identify the user and determine his location from this data, we do not store the user's IP address after the data transfer! See the relevant paragraph on how to refuse to transfer this data.

By providing personal information through the TLauncher Software Products, you authorize TLauncher to share this personal information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy and as described in the TLauncher Software Products, for example, to respond to user requests and make transactions.

How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information you provide to our company will allow us to fulfill your order for a product or service; notify you of new products or services, software products or add-ons for them; resolve/forward your questions and problems related to customer service; and/or notify you of update opportunities, contests, promotions or special events and offers. We also use your email address to send you messages about TLauncher Software Products and other general notifications. In addition, personal information that you make publicly accessible will be available for viewing by other TLauncher Software Products users. We track your interaction with our company, including your activities in relation to TLauncher Software Products. We may use the personal information you provide to our company to send you messages in response to your requests on performance of certain actions in connection with your use of any of the TLauncher Software Products. We may also use your personal information to contact you when necessary to resolve issues regarding your use of the service.

We may use your personal information by converting it into the information that prevents personal identification and further combining it with other information that we have collected in a way that prevents to ultimately identify you or any other user of the TLauncher Software Products. In this case, we will convert your personal information into information that cannot serve to identify by combining it with information about other users (combining your personal information with information about other users without identifying you) or by removing characteristics (such as your full name or email address) that allow to identify you. This process is known as "depersonalizing of your information". You grant us the global, perpetual, irrevocable and fully transferable right and royalty-free license to use your depersonalized information in connection with the creation and development of analytical and statistical analysis tools in relation to the use of client data that we collect when providing TLauncher Software Products (hereinafter referred to as "Analytical Data"). We are expressly permitted to make any commercial use of Analytical Data, including the exchange of Analytical Data with third parties, provided that we will not sell, exchange or otherwise transfer any part of the Analytical Data that allows to identify you in any way.

Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information in electronic form that site sends to a visitor's browser and that are stored on the visitor's hard drive. Like many other sites, we use cookies in certain parts of TLauncher Software Products, which allows us to provide information that is focused on your interests and makes your online experience more convenient. For example, when you return to one of our sites after logging in, cookies provide certain information to the site so that the site can "remember" who you are. If you disable cookies in your browser, you will have to to enter your username and password each time you log in. In addition, cookies are used by advertisements that are managed by third parties and may appear as part of TLauncher Software Products. Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on a link or hover over one of the advertising banners.You may not know that this information is being collected. Advertisers use this information to track the effectiveness of their ads. In some cases, we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers in TLauncher Software Products, and this information may allow us to identify other sites visited by you that are also associated with such advertisers.

To disable cookies in your browser, you will need to change your browser settings on your Internet-connected device. For more information on how to disable cookies, see the Help section in your browser (or the Settings option on your mobile device) or the www.aboutcookies.org website. For further information about managing behavioral advertising, visit www.youronlinechoices.com/.

Disable Tracking
Some web browser and device settings allow you to specify that you do not want to be "tracked" online. Currently, we do not change the displayed information about you depending on whether such a signal is transmitted. For more information on browser tracking signals and tracking disabling, visit http://allaboutdnt.org.

Yandex Metrika
TLauncher Software Products use Yandex Metrika to assist our company in obtaining information about those who visits and uses TLauncher Software Products, as well as about viewed pages. To understand how Yandex uses your data when visiting and using the TLauncher Software Products, visit https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/.

Logged Information
Our servers automatically capture the information sent by your browser each time you visit our Site(s). In addition, some of the TLauncher Software Products may collect information about your computer system. This information includes your IP address, browser type and version, a search engine used to search for TLauncher Software Products (if any), the operating system of your PC, the hardware used (e.g., amount of RAM, GPU or CPU type on your PC), Software Products you use, as well as when and how long you use them. We use this information to track and analyze how users use the TLauncher Software Products, to provide customer service and to ensure the operation and improvement of the TLauncher Software Products.

The Confidentiality of Information About Children
TLauncher Software Products are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not deliberately collect or store any personal information or information that cannot serve to identify, from children under the age of 13; our site, software and services are not targeted at children under the age of 13. We will block any accounts used exclusively by such children and delete and/or erase any personal information that we know has been provided by any child under the age of 13.

Will We Share Your Personal Information With Third Parties?
The Exchange of Information
We may use your personal information to provide the results of aggregated analysis of our users (including Analytical Data) to our potential partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may also disclose and otherwise anonymously use the information on affiliation, position, interests, and other non-personal information about customers. We may share your personal information with carefully selected suppliers and business partners, including companies that provide marketing services and make other business transactions for our company, in strict compliance with the conditions described in this Privacy Policy.

In addition, we will share personal information that we collect from you in the following circumstances:

The protection of rights. We will share personal information if we have reasonable grounds to believe that (i) the access to, use, protection, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable laws, regulations, legal process, such as court orders or notices of appointment, or law enforcement or government requirements; (ii) such actions are appropriate to enforce the User Agreement with respect to TLauncher Software Products, including any investigation of potential violations of this Agreement; (iii) such actions are necessary to identify, prevent, or otherwise resolve fraud, security, or technical problems related to TLauncher Software Products; or (iv) such actions are appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of TLauncher company, its employees, TLauncher Software Products users or other persons.

The asset transfer. If our company is involved in a fusion, absorption or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of TLauncher company assets, then user information, including personal information that we have collected from you in the course of your use of TLauncher Software Products, may be included in the transferred assets. In this case, we will make every effort to send you a corresponding notification by e-mail and/or publish such a notification on the Site(s).

The service providers. We may share your personal information with the service providers whom we employ for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf. Thus, other companies are our partners in hosting and content management, fulfilling orders for products and prizes, and processing payments. In addition, we may work with other companies to process consumer surveys or to process, analyze and/or store data, including Analytical Data. When providing services to our company, such companies may have access to your personal information Whenever possible, we require such companies to comply with our Privacy Policy and appropriate privacy and security measures.

Third-party offers. We may also share your personal information with third-party partners if you have agreed to receive the third-party offers and/or newsletters on our Site(s). We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have agreed to receive such offers and/or third party newsletters through the TLauncher Software Products. You may request that we stop sharing your information with a third party or third parties for direct marketing purposes after you have consented to such disclosure through the TLauncher Software Products by sending us an email at admin@tlauncher.org and notifying us that you want us to stop providing your information to a specific third party or a list of specific third parties. The disclosure of information to third-party partners by TLauncher company may be for the purpose of cross-advertising, but the company will not receive any fee as a principal consideration for such disclosure.

The Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties
TLauncher Software Products may contain direct links to sites used by our business partners and other third-party companies. These third-party sites may collect information about you when you visit such sites or otherwise interact with them. This Privacy Policy does not cover the rules for handling information on third-party sites related to the TLauncher Software Products or the consent to receive offers and/or newsletters from third parties provided through the TLauncher Software Products. While we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information. You should consult the privacy policies and statements posted on other sites or contact respective administrators of such sites for information about their policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information.

When you click on a third-party ad, logo or link to a URL posted on our Site(s) or available through TLauncher Software Products that link you to another site, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply, and you should read the third-party's privacy policy to understand how its site will handle your personal information.

TLauncher Software Products may also have bulletin boards, forums and/or chat rooms where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. Placing an ad on a bulletin moard, forum, or chat, be aware that the information you post becomes available online and that you do this at your own risk.

What Decisions Can You Make Regarding the Collection and Use of Your Personal Information?
The Control Over Your Information
We may use third-party advertising companies, such as Yahoo!, Google, OpenX, Yandex and Lijit, for placing advertisements that you will see when you visit the TLauncher Software Products. These companies may use information about your interests to send advertisements about products and services that are of interest to you. If you need more information about these rules and what options you have in terms of prohibiting the use of your information by such companies, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative website.

The Refusal to Receive Messages From Our Company
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, e-mail messages or other announcements, you can unsubscribe from them by writing to us at admin@tlauncher.org or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the end of our email messages. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence related to the service, including messages about the transactions you make within your account. If you wish to unsubscribe from any newsletters, offers, emails or other ads from our third-party advertising partners that you have agreed to receive through the TLauncher Software Products, you will need to contact such third-party advertising partner directly through their independent site(s) or use the unsubscribe link located at the end of any such email message (if any).

The Refusal to Transfer Data About the PC in the TLauncher Software (For Versions Newer Than 2.0)
To disable data transfer, you need to run the TLauncher software, click on the "gear" icon and click "Advanced". After that, go to the "TLauncher Settings" tab and tick the checkbox next to the "Disable sending anonymous statistics" caption. The very fact of running the program will still be sent to our server, but without information about your PC.

Mediation
If you are a resident of a country outside the European Union, you also agree that in the event of any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy, you and TLauncher company will seek to resolve the matter directly between the parties through good faith negotiations in writing. You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for 45 (forty-five) days after the dispute notification (by registered mail or hand-delivered), all parties will turn to a mutually agreed mediator to resolve the dispute. In the event of any arbitration claims or any administrative or legal proceedings being brought without first attempting to resolve the matter through the services of a mediator, you agree that you will not be entitled to obtain a refund of the lawyer's fees, even if you would otherwise have such a right.

Dispute Resolution for the Residents of the European Union
If you are a resident of the European Union, in the event of any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy, you may (in addition to, or in lieu of contacting us in the first place) submit your claim to the personal data protection law enforcement authority in your jurisdiction.

What Security Measures Do We Take to Protect Your Personal Information?
The personal information you provide to our company is stored on servers located in secure organizations with limited access and is protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, we restrict access to the personal information for TLauncher company employees, independent contractors and agents who do not require to own this information to develop, operate and maintain TLauncher Software Products. All personnel of the TLauncher.org, who has access to this information has been trained in the storage and security of such information. However, no server, computer or communication networks or systems and no means of data transmission on the Internet can guarantee 100% protection. Therefore, while we strive to protect the user information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to our company or through the use of any of TLauncher's Software Products; you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and participate in such transmission at your own risk. After receiving your information, we will make every effort to ensure its security on our systems.

The European Union and Swiss Safe Harbour Data Protection Directive
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO OUR COMPANY MAY BE TRANSFERRED, PROCESSED AND STORED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND/OR OTHER COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA). BY PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OUR COMPANY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO SUCH TRANSFER, STORAGE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE EEA.

TLauncher company complies with the US-EU Safe Harbour Framework Agreement and the US-Switzerland Safe Harbour Framework Agreement developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and storage of personal information from the member States of the European Union and Switzerland. TLauncher company certifies that it adheres to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles regarding notification, selection, subsequent transmission, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. For more information about the Safe Harbour Program, visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.

Changes Notification
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our rules for handling personally identifiable information by sending an email to the last email address you provided to our company or by publishing such a notification on the Site(s). We ask that you periodically refer to and review this Privacy Policy in order to be aware of what information we receive, how we use it and with whom it is shared.

Do You Have Any Questions? Write to Us

If you have any questions about our privacy preserving practices or this Privacy Policy, please write us at admin@TLauncher.org .
